welcome back guys today we're going to
take a look at 2011 horror film the
human centipede 2. the starting scene
shows us a recap from the first sequence
of the human centipede where lindsay
cleanses jenny's hand and bursts into
tears as both of the other persons go
limp beside her and the movie ends
presently we see an overweight obese
[ __ ] staring at the laptop screen as
the film concludes he's a security guard
at a car park and suddenly his eyes
catch a commotion in the cctv a couple
argues over the fact that the guy named
ian lost his car keys in the meantime we
see the [ __ ] named martin grabbing a
crowbar and walking over to the couple
where the guy starts screaming at him
while being utterly silent martin shoots
a bullet in ian's foot the couple starts
clamoring and the girl gets shot in the
knees as well they drop to the floor
martin knocks both of them out with the
crowbar and goes around the car park to
get his van after coming around the
corner he tapes the girl and opens the
van's back doors where we witness
another man is already restrained the
scene shifts back to martin's office
where he puts the movie on reverse and
opens a personalized book of the human
centipede as he looks at the bodies
martin starts to get aroused and runs
his fingers along jenny's figure in the
interim a suited man shouts in the cctv
camera
the scene now shows us martin driving
away in his van with four constrained
people in the back he arrives at a
warehouse where the owner shows him
around and hurriedly asks for cash as
the thunder rumbles outside martin kills
the owner admits the thunderclaps
afterwards he regrets his actions but
nevertheless comes back inside with a
bag holding his books and some tools the
maniac approaches the victimized girl
and starts ripping off her clothes while
her boyfriend howls in anguish and
frustration as he cuts off her
undergarments martin suddenly gets a
voicemail from usa actors management
which states that none of the actors and
actresses from the human centipede are
available for auditions in london this
appointment looms on martin's face and
he takes it out on ian time speeds up to
martin's house where the sound of his
abusive dad rings in his ears in the
meantime his mother arrives and scolds
him before stating that dr sebring is
waiting for him martin wakes up groggily
takes out his book and steals lustfully
at jenny's picture suddenly his mother
barges in and martin starts to dress
himself
downstairs we see a man with a hefty
beard waiting for him but martin walks
straight to his pet centipede and feeds
it with an eerie smile while dr sabrine
asks to sit beside him as he sinks on
the couch her mother complains that his
talk about the centipede and the 12
people in it dr sabring states that the
centipede has a very painful bite and
related to the pain inflicted to martin
as a child through sexual abuse martin's
mother watches him in disgrace and
blames him for his father's imprisonment
later as they eat dinner the music
upstairs cracks up martin's mother and
she takes a stick and bangs it on the
ceiling
in no time the ruffian neighbor barges
in and the old lady blames martin for
the act the hoodlum takes out all his
anger on him and continues to smack him
afterward we see martin back at his job
watching dr heiter's medical
instructions for making the human
centipede he scribbles down all the
notes and draws illustrations of the
mouth and anus in the meantime he
notices a couple in the parking lot so
he grabs his gun and walks outside
as they're leaving in the car martin
emerges from behind a pillar and shoots
them the man drops out while martin
consoles their kid and we see his
pregnant wife crawling away martin bears
no mercy and knocks her out with the
crowbar as well
back in his box the [ __ ] gets aroused
by the movie and starts wanking off with
the sandpaper in the interim two drunk
girls walk over and one of them spots
martin jerking off and they both start
laughing on the other hand martin ends
his gruesome pleasure trip and the scene
shifts to both the girls tied up in the
warehouse the camera shows us martin
checking all the naked helpless people
sprawled out on the floor with the
pregnant woman in the lead eight people
in total are now held captive in the
warehouse
everyone whimpers in fright as they lay
on the cold floor martin shuffs off the
light and uses a torch to absorb his
specimens suddenly he gets another
voicemail from a talent company stating
that miss yinny is excited and agreeable
for the auditions for the torento film
as the call ends martin leaves and one
of the victims whimpers in helplessness
that the human centipede is just a film
groaning and bleeding he confides that
the lunatic is going to stitch them up
which causes a wave of fright to run
through everyone back at martin's home
he comes across his mother holding a
knife ignoring her he climbs into bed
while a suicidal mother slits her own
wrists afterwards she discovers martin's
book and in her raids she rips it apart
and leaves martin cries helplessly and
walks downstairs and hugs his pets to
the pete's cage just then his mother
arrives and he forces her face into the
glass jar where the centipede attacks
her she wails in agony while martin
comes from behind and smashes her head
into a discarded mess
afterwards he puts her carcass on the
dining chair and bangs the ceiling the
neighbor barges in as usual and loses
his mind upon seeing the woman's split
open face suddenly martin shoots his leg
from behind knocks him down and ties him
up
after that he takes a ton of working
tools and knives piles them up in a
suitcase and leaves for his job at his
booth the lunatic cheers as he watches
the suffering depicted in the movie
suddenly he spots some activity in the
parking lot and the camera shows dr
sabring and another man pleasuring
themselves with a hooker martin walks up
to them and his expression reveals utter
discomfort dismay and anger he shoots
the driver and the hooker tries to
escape but martin shoots her in the legs
as well back to the car dr sabrin walks
out puts up his pants and talks to him
while martin barely controls his
overwhelming emotions but the flurry
takes him and he shoots dr sebring in
his groin as he drops down howling in
pain martin puts an end to him by
finally shooting him in the head he
grits his teeth in fury and proceeds to
confront the hooker who sprays his eyes
with the irritant but nevertheless
martin overcomes her as well
in pure anguish he goes back to his
office and pack up his things and
receives a message that miss yenni is
harne away to health row airport london
martin nods in a formation and the scene
shifts to his van where the people are
constrained in the back while miss yinny
sits in the front seat excitedly talking
about her eagerness for the audition
martin doesn't say a word and drives to
the warehouse in storming rain upon
arriving yenni enters the warehouse and
horror chills her spine as she hears the
whales of the powerless victims in a
single flash martin knocks her out while
the rest of the people squeal he
gradually cuts off her dress and
encloses her
afterwards he feeds his pet centipede
and moves the victims who are laid out
in a line as they all shriek and terror
martin takes out his tools and lines up
all the knives and pliers on the floor
with that done he opens his book and
starts observing the notes
meanwhile all the sufferers squirm away
from each other and disperse but martin
goes around the space knocking everyone
out like a madman moments later he
proceeds to his thuggish neighbor and
smashes out his teeth with a hammer the
guy starts choking on his own blood and
teeth while martin jeers
afterwards he advances towards the
pregnant lady and finds her completely
unconscious tears of anxiety rolls down
his face as he drags her aside and
covers her up with a sheet as he
finishes with her the freak moves
towards yeni turns her over and marks
two spots below her knees
he then takes a blade and cuts her skin
which makes yenni wake up in extreme
pain the monster fiddles through the
under layer takes out a nerve and cuts
it with a knife that erupts excruciating
pain and yenni's body starts to shake
violently martin proceeds to another man
to repeat the same process as he goes
under a violent shock as well that
doesn't stop there the [ __ ] advances
towards another person and marks some
lines on his hips he then cuts them open
like a beast until the flesh inside
burst out unable to bear the pain the
victim gives up on life and that hits
martin hard as his experiment can now be
seen as a failure shrieking in
disappointment martin impulsively starts
to staple the victims together he lines
their mouth with the buttocks and
staples the lips to the anus the victims
start whining in misery and affliction
as the crackpot continues his torment
after finishing his bestiality the
psychopath dances around in frightening
cheerfulness and makes the human
centipede walk around him as the victims
groan and cry in other pain and misery
martin the freak starts laughing aloud
afterwards he puts a bowl in front of
yenni who's the leading centipede and
drops some filthy canned food for her
she throws away the bowl and ferocity
and martin then proceeds to forcibly
feed her via funnel and tube he forcibly
thrusts the plastic pipe down her throat
until it reaches her stomach afterwards
the monster pours a whitish liquid down
the funnel until yenni gags on it once
finishing the torment martin receives a
call from usa actors management again
stating that the actors will be willing
to audition for the toranto's film but
before martin can answer yinny and the
others start screaming at the top of
their lungs that freaks martin out and
he menacingly proceeds to chunk out
yenny's tongue with a plier all the
ongoing torment still doesn't satisfy
martin as he tries to make them extreme
into each other's mouth nobody acts on
it which provokes an evil idea in
martin's head and the devil proceeds to
inject laxatives in everyone's butts in
a few moments the laxative starts its
work and the victims start to fart
amusement dances out of martin's face as
the people's stomach start to gurgle and
finally one of them bursts out martin
enjoys the menacing site until everyone
execretes into the filth into each
other's faces eventually the stink gets
so intense that even martin throws up
but as satanic fantasy is now fulfilled
he moves to become the monster he always
feared the wrench walks to the end of
the group where a girl is all on fours
in the most freakish way he wraps the
barbed iron wire around his organ and
starts ringing the girl with it the poor
soul shrieks in excruciating agony as
the [ __ ] proceeds with his barbarity
as martin ends his devilish procession
the pregnant woman suddenly wakes up and
runs outside shrieking in fright she
shambles out of the warehouse sits in
the car and tries to start it suddenly
martin appears trying to break in but
the doors are locked and he's
unsuccessful in the next moment the
woman goes into labor and delivers her
baby with drops on the floor just then
the car grabs the power and in the most
disturbing way the woman presses on the
pedal causing her infant skull to be
squelched nevertheless she manages to
drive away leaving martin standing there
in extreme agitation
back inside the human centipede managed
to break into two as martin's neighbor
rips off his lips from the butt and
walks away martin barges in the
warehouse and finds him crawling to the
sides in pure anguish he starts killing
each one of them by shooting as one half
dies away his gun also goes empty but
that doesn't stop him and the freak
proceeds to slit their throats one by
one after killing everyone he advances
towards yeni but doesn't kill her
something stops martin as he proceeds to
caress her face but yenni hits him hard
in the balls as he falls down in agony
she takes off his underwear thrusts the
funnel in his butthole grabs the
centipede crawling on the floor
cautiously she drops the insect in the
funnel until it crawls deep inside and
does its work martin senses the pain and
starts shrieking madly despite the
excruciating pain he manages to get up
and stab yenni in the back as she bleeds
out martin staggers away while pressing
his belly in misery and everything fades
out the last scenes of the movie pop up
and we see the ending labels of the
human centipede film we then see the
[ __ ] back in his office aroused by it
once again and with that the screen
fades out
drop a comment below letting me know how
you found the video make sure to like
subscribe and ring that notification
bell thanks for watching guys